STAC-24921 Document opt-in oidcLogout and skipLoginPage auth options (#353)
rancher/stackstate-product-docs: docs/latest/modules/en/pages/setup/security/authentication/keycloak.adoc

 ** *secret* - The secret attached to the KeyCloak client, which is used to authenticate this client to KeyCloak
 ** *redirectUri* - Optional: The URI where the login callback endpoint of SUSE Observability is reachable. Populated by default using the `stackstate.baseUrl`, but can be overridden (must be a fully qualified URL that points to the `/loginCallback` path)
 ** *jwsAlgorithm* - Set this to `RS256`, this is currently the only supported value.
 ** *oidcLogout* - Optional (default `false`): when set to `true`, logging out of SUSE Observability also logs the user out at KeyCloak (OIDC RP-initiated logout / single sign-out). When `false`, logging out only ends the SUSE Observability session.

>  ** *skipLoginPage* - Optional (default `false`): when set to `true`, the SUSE Observability login page is skipped and users are redirected straight to KeyCloak. Only enable this when KeyCloak (or another OIDC provider) is configured; without an OIDC provider there would be no way to reach the login form.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 ** *oidcLogout* - Optional (default `false`): when set to `true`, logging out of {stackstate-product-name} also logs the user out at KeyCloak (OIDC RP-initiated logout / single sign-out). When `false`, logging out only ends the {stackstate-product-name} session.
 ** *skipLoginPage* - Optional (default `false`): when set to `true`, the {stackstate-product-name} login page is skipped and users are redirected straight to KeyCloak. Only enable this when KeyCloak (or another OIDC provider) is configured; without an OIDC provider there would be no way to reach the login form.
```

Also, maybe we could put the point about enabling skipLoginPage ONLY when KeyCloak is configured in a NOTE or IMPORTANT admonition? To ensure it's highlighted and the user is aware of it. Same comment for the rest of the similar occurences.

Author: The original text didn't make much sense since it's not possible to set oidcLogout or skiploginPage on non-OIDC auth providers. I removed that part, but put a note about an interaction that is normally undesirable (skipping login page and not logging out of OIDC provider).
